Alright! In the previous video, you saw
that we were missing the
internationalization properties. So I'm
going to go ahead and sign this to myself
to say hey, I'm working on it,
even though I'm a team of one. I'm just
going through good work habits here.
You can say I label this as a bug
because we saw that occurring here where
we're getting all these question marks.
We haven't covered this in the course yet,
but we will be. This is part of
internationalization, where Spring MVC is
looking for a properties placeholder and
it's not finding it. That's why we're
getting the question marks here. What
we need to do is I'm going to come back
over here. This is a copy of the
Spring Pet Clinic that we brought down.
We can see under resources, we have
this messages folder. And these are
properties files with all the messages I
have. So I'm going to just go ahead and
copy this. Again, this is going to go
under source main resources. Let's come
back over to IntelliJ. We will go to
source main resources. We are going
to go ahead and paste this in. Now we can see this
as a resource manager bundle and see how
we have to welcome property, so that
is there now.
We can see that this is empty. Let's
see what else we have here. We do
have a German version. The way it
looks like they set this up. We do
have some German properties.
No English properties. We could implement
other ones. Actually, if you guys want to
submit a contribution to this, I'll
bring in other properties because I only
speak English. Sorry. I know there's a lot
of different dialects out there. If you
speak a different language and want to
submit something, please do so, that'd be
awesome to give you more message properties
files going in here. I'll add those to
the project, so as you're watching GitHub,
if you see more than just German and
English in there, that's contributions from
other students taking this course. But
the way this is going work, its going to
look at the language settings on your
browser and try to make a match to it.
We will be covering this
coming up in the course. But you can see
here, it's saying English US. If I had
a file EN and underscore US, that
would override it, so it's going to go to
the most common one. And here, messages.properties is like the overall
bottom of the line. If I define
something in English or English US, those
would override this property. So pretty
slick way of  how the
internationalization works. I am going to
go ahead and restart Spring Boot at this point.
Just make sure that gets picked up. I do
have to have dev tools running. Just from
experience, when you add in resources
like this, sometimes things go wrong. It
doesn't quite work right, so that's why I
went ahead and bounced it. You can see
that we're loading our owners and vets.
Now let's come back over here.
We should have a much different
result
and we do not. I think what happens is, this is not building properly.
I'm guessing right now. I'm going to
come in and stop this. Let's go in here.
Like I said, the resources can be a
little strange. I'm going to go come into
the root and do a clean, and then a
package. This will make sure that we
are getting these resource properties
brought up, so we're going through the
whole build process now, and then once
that is done, I will go ahead and start
the Spring Boot again.
Okay, so the build completed. So now, I'm
going to go ahead and run this. You can see
if that does in fact change for us.
Again, this is from experience,
sometimes those things do not load
properly. Let's go ahead and refresh
this again.
That is still a problem, so I'm going to
pause this for a second and investigate
it further.
Okay, coming back to this. I looked around a
little bit. And what happened was they
overrode. The Spring guys overrode the
messages property, so they're in messages
messages. Let's take a quick look at
where we are actually at. We're under
resources' messages and then there's a
bundle called messages. What we need
to do is come in here and I copied it over
already and restarted and tested it, so
this is overriding it. I want to say
I think it's just messages as a default
value. I could be very wrong on that. I'm
going by memory on this, but this
property here overrides the
internationalizations folder name. So
here, we are specifically saying the
messages messages. There's resource bundle
here. The way IntelliJ is showing
this, is showing it as a resource bundle
but on the disk disk or guess we don't
have physical disk anymore but on the
drive, physically, the file is there's
three different files there, so
IntelliJ is showing you into a single. Kind of like a
single entity. In this, what I
highlighted in blue, that is an IntelliJ thing.
But we can see the different message
bundle there. This is telling Spring
where to look for it, so that this is the
location of it. So now, if I go ahead and
restart it.
Let's see that we are bouncing Spring
right now. It's going to come back up in
just a second, and this time, what's
what's going to happen is we are looking
for this welcome.
The index.html, this welcome property.
You can see that the little squiggly
line went away, so now, we can resolve it.
If I come back over here
and I'll go ahead and see how we got the
question marks. I do a restart there. We
can see now that we are properly
resolving that. So this is number 25.
We'll go ahead and close out that
because we're now properly resolving those
properties.
fixed i8. Again, that's an abbreviation for
internationalization.
Closes
number 25. Lucky 25.
Go ahead and close
that. We will tackle something else
in the next video.